README.md, before:

szurubooru-admin-plus
=====================

Enhances the szurubooru admin tool with additional functionality.

* Rename tags by regular expression patterns
* Move tags matching regex to new category
* Tag things as one would with mass tagging, but with automatic application to
  search terms.
* Script to fix exif rotations.

## Requirements

This script is intended exclusively for use with Szurubooru v2.5. It has not
been tested with any version outside of that. Additionally, szurubooru must be
set up and running using docker-compose.

Note: The installer script will assume you are running version 2.5 with no
further checks and using the default directory set up implied by the volume
mounts in the docker-compose.yml included with Szurubooru v2.5. If the install
script is run against a different version or a deploy with a different volume
setup, **it will force that version to 2.5, possibly causing data loss.**

## Installation

To install, run the included `install.sh` script from within the directory
containing the docker-compose.yml file for Szurubooru. Alternatively, you can
run the script from any location and pass in the path to that directory.

### Updating

Updating follows the same process; run `install.sh`. The script is smart enough
to only make changes necessary to update.

## Repo Server Files

The repository for szurubooru-admin-plus includes the entire server library from
Szurubooru v2.5 to make it easy to develop against, located in ./server;
however, the only server files under development in this repo and included in
releases are:
* ./server/szuru-admin
* ./server/szuru_admin_argparse.py
* ./server/szuru_admin_version.py

All other files under server/ should not be modified; they are included only as
a reference.

**Note:** The `admin-dist/szuru-admin.sh` script runs `szuru_admin_argparse.py`
directly on the host to display help messages and argument-parsing errors
without starting Docker. This pre-run behavior allows users to see help and
error messages quickly and can be useful for scripting or debugging.

## Attribution and Licensing

This project is derived from the source code of szurubooru v2.5, which is
licensed under the terms of the GNU GPL v3.0. As such, this project is itself
released under the terms of the GNU GPL v3.0. Please see LICENSE.md for the full
text of this license.

Commit message:

readme update for release creation

README.md, after:

szurubooru-admin-plus
=====================

Enhances the szurubooru admin tool with additional functionality.

* Rename tags by regular expression patterns
* Move tags matching regex to new category
* Tag things as one would with mass tagging, but with automatic application to
  search terms.
* Script to fix exif rotations.

## Requirements

This script is intended exclusively for use with Szurubooru v2.5. It has not
been tested with any version outside of that. Additionally, szurubooru must be
set up and running using docker-compose.

Note: The installer script will assume you are running version 2.5 with no
further checks and using the default directory set up implied by the volume
mounts in the docker-compose.yml included with Szurubooru v2.5. If the install
script is run against a different version or a deploy with a different volume
setup, **it will force that version to 2.5, possibly causing data loss.**

## Installation

To install, run the included `install.sh` script from within the directory
containing the docker-compose.yml file for Szurubooru. Alternatively, you can
run the script from any location and pass in the path to that directory.

### Updating

Updating follows the same process; run `install.sh`. The script is smart enough
to only make changes necessary to update.

## Repo Server Files

The repository for szurubooru-admin-plus includes the entire server library from
Szurubooru v2.5 to make it easy to develop against, located in ./server;
however, the only server files under development in this repo and included in
releases are:
* ./server/szuru-admin
* ./server/szuru_admin_argparse.py
* ./server/szuru_admin_version.py

All other files under server/ should not be modified; they are included only as
a reference.

**Note:** The `admin-dist/szuru-admin.sh` script runs `szuru_admin_argparse.py`
directly on the host to display help messages and argument-parsing errors
without starting Docker. This pre-run behavior allows users to see help and
error messages quickly and can be useful for scripting or debugging.

## Versioning

To tag a new release, simply create the release. Automation will then check if
the version defined in code matches the release; if not, it will update the
code to set the new version, update the tag to point to the updated code, and
re-release it.

### Regenerating Release Token

The auto-reversioning process relies on a PAT token defined in the repo
secrets. This token will eventually expire, and this will cause the re-release
process to fail; if this occurs, a new PAT needs to be generated and set as
the value of GH_RELEASE_TOKEN in the repository secrets.

Re-releases will be created as the user who generates the PAT. The PAT is
ideally a fine-grained token with access only to this repo. The PAT must have
read/write permissions on Contents endpoints.

## Attribution and Licensing

This project is derived from the source code of szurubooru v2.5, which is
licensed under the terms of the GNU GPL v3.0. As such, this project is itself
released under the terms of the GNU GPL v3.0. Please see LICENSE.md for the full
text of this license.
